All right, let's get started open up and our studio in which they file new new project.
And I'm going to go to empty compose activity.
And in this case, I already have, of course, the place where this app will live.
So I'm going to add a name here, the name, whatever you want, but I'm going to name this jet weather
forecast like this and I'll go to the OK.
And then so finish and the project is being created.
Android Studio is provisioning all the things that it needs to do in the background, and it may take
a few seconds.
So let it be.
And after a few moments, once everything is done, you will see that everything is good.
So we have created our project.
Next, we're going to set up our dependencies because that's very important.
We need to add all those dependencies, all those libraries we're going to need in order for us to be
able to create this app.
Now, when it comes to adding all of these dependencies to our project, it can be a cumbersome endeavor.
But I will make this easier for you and that all of these code, this project, you can find it at the
link.
I'm going to show you below that link.
That's where you can find this kid app repo, where you can just go there and get the build that Gradle.
All of these build a great old project level, as well as the module, the app level that we're going
to be able to get all of the dependencies that I'm going to add here and add them to your project.
So I think it's the best way to do this in the book because as you will see, I'm going to add a lot
of different dependencies.
But before we even move forward, you can see that some things are not right, meaning that we have
here some squiggly lines that says that certain dependencies are outdated.
This is very common because you have to remember compose is a moving train, which means they're still
working on it.
Actually, not just compose in general software development tools that are in building or tools that
have been built or are being built for us.
They are moving trains, which means we always have to be aware the fact that they are.
Being updated constantly, and we should also follow those updates, right, so you can hover over and
out, can see here, says the there is a newer version of Android Compose.
So what this project it's using as we created it is using one zero one and there is one zero five available.
So what we can do in this compose version here with, let's find where that is.
Declares, Let's go to build compose, there we go, so this is composed version we can change from
here so that five like that, you know, also let's change the class path through our build Gradle.
So seven three, that could be a different number by the time you watched this video.
And the other thing I'm going to do here, I'm going to change is two three one one five three one,
I s. I know this because I've been doing this for a while, but just trust me now, if you have some
issues, if you need to add or upgrade this value, there's the version you can do so as well.
So one, five three one.
That is what works with these current version of COMPOSE.
All right.
So I'm not going to sync yet because there is something else we need to do, obviously.
Let's go back to our bill that Gradle and I'm going to add all of the dependencies again.
Remember all these dependencies, you won't need to type them out yourself because I will have all of
that available to you first, actually.
Let's make sure that we have the correct plugins added here.
So I have the ones I'm going to show you and add them for you.
So I'm going to just go here and paste this coupling capped and at dagger, we're going to use dagger
hilt for dependency injection.
All right.
That's good.
Close it down.
Let's go to where everything is.
OK, so I'm going to add all these dependencies.
It's a lot of dependencies, and you'll see that I like to add this comments so that we know what dependencies
we have added and so forth.
So it's just a good habit to get into.
So first of all, I can see that I added this Dagger Hill to dependency there as of recording this video
to that 8:57.
That's the variable or that is indeed the version that is needed.
But each time you watching this video could be higher and remember that Android Studio will let you
know if you need to upgrade that right because it will have something like this.
So if that's the case, then you just go and upgrade.
So we have dagger hilt that we added here again, dagger.
This is what we're going to be using for dependency injection in our project.
I also have these other implementation of Hild Life for View model.
This is actually capped Kotlin processing that we can add to our dependency.
That way, we can get the full help that we need as we start using dagger and held in this case for
dependency injection.
So you need these.
Of course, here you can see that I have these Kotlin core routines, core core routines, Android and
all security in place service.
OK.
I have also lifecycle core routines that we need to add here for a few models and the implementation
also for runtime.
OK.
We're going to use Croyle, which is a library that allows us to download images from the internet,
which makes the process much, much easier, as you will see.
So we need that.
And of course, we have retrofit and OK, two piece of these libraries work together in the background,
as well as with the JSON converter to allow us to be able to download or to download and past Jason
from the internet.
So and we'll see how all of that comes together.
And we're going to use room database in this project to save data into a database score like database.
So Graham is very important because it allows us to create databases and save data into their base using
a very simplistic approach.
Right.
So room abstracts out all of the things that we had to do before in order to save pieces of data into
our database could have this Crosling annotation processing tool capped.
It's a must have, as I noted there and so forth.
So this is important to have again that you don't have to go and write this all of these yourself.
You can, if you want, but that's not good use of your time.
That's why you can go to the repo.
Get rid of this project and you can go there and download great of files and you should be good to go.
OK.
Let's not forget, of course, to sync everything.
And we have a problem here, it looks like the plug in says that plug in ID Hilton was not found in
any of the following sources, so that means then it was my mistake.
We have to go to the build out cradle.
This next one there close this down.
So where we actually added this compose version, we need to also add those other versions for hilt
and room.
That's that's very important.
So I have all of that.
I'm just going to get from my secret place and added there, right?
And that's not the end of it.
That means then in our dependency class path here, we need to add those as well.
So first, let's go ahead and get to the health class path.
I'm going to just add there, put that in line.
All right.
So that looks good.
Let's go ahead now and try again.
Well, it looks like everything went well, which is always a good thing, and we should be good.
All right.
So we should be good for now, at least in terms of our build.gradle, all the dependencies.
Again, I have to emphasize, make sure you go to the repo.
Get rid of this project to get all of these information.